Amazon Linux 2023 does not officially support EPEL (#102)
sous-chefs/yum-epel: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Amazon Linux 2023 does not officially support EPEL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disable EPEL on Amazon Linux 2023 as it isn't officially supported
```
